frustrations.
Welcome to this is the third edition of
the first ever vlog on a blog.
Here we are vlogging,
which means we're talking about a blog.
This being the Facebook page.
We did Facebook, then X,
and now back to Facebook.
X has become essentially unusable since it
was recalibrated under the most recent
GROK gift.
Where rather than seeing your feed be
filled with the people you're following
and therefore your choices to which you
see and react to in your feed,
it's now Grok determining what it is that
you should see.
And I would say the last two weeks
since that change was made,
I have found X to be a complete
and utter waste of time.
Not only are the things that I'm posting
not seen,
but the things that I'm seeing are
religious trash, political trash.
It's just, oh.
a cesspool of humanity now on X.
So at least we have a decent environment.
In fact,
they're all dressed up to kill here in
our first post on Facebook.
I do have a bone to pick with
you.
You used the excuse of a funeral to
miss our blog on the blog last week.
Isn't that correct?
It wasn't even your own?
No, it was not.
So it wasn't your own.
I'm not sure if that excuse is going
to fly.
But nonetheless,
it's good to have you back.
This first post is interesting.
We talked just briefly about it before the
program began.
This is George Clooney and his wife.
And what's interesting about it is just
how lost
liberals are.
She not only is the daughter of a
Islamic terrorist, Hamas, arms smuggler.
She worked for and with the Muslim
Brotherhood,
which is the springboard from which
Al-Qaeda and so many of these Islamic
terrorist organizations have sprung
It's the Muslim Brotherhood.
And yet they present themselves all smiles
and so sophisticated and so enlightened.
And here they're working for people who
are disgustingly murderous.
And in the case of the Muslim Brotherhood
in Hamas, who denigrate women.
I mean,
there has never been a religion or any
ism in the history of the world
that has degraded women to the extent of
Islam.
And yet these libertards will align
themselves with it so long as they can
demean Jews.
What in the hell's wrong with them?
It's unbelievable.
She couldn't wear that outfit anywhere
where Islam is a major religion.
You know, she can't do that in Egypt.
She can't do that in Iran,
in Jordan even.
No, Saudi Arabia, no place.
In Islam,
women have less rights than domesticated
animals.
And when Muhammad bragged about traveling
to meet with Allah,
he had to go through, of course,
Jerusalem,
which that was his fanciful stupidity
where he claimed that he rode a winged
ass and asses don't have wings.
I'm not sure they fly either.
But he rode the winged ass from his
bed where he was sleeping.
At the time,
he was sixty six years old and his
sex toy was six.
So you want to six, six, six.
There you go.
And he jumped out of bed to to
go to meet with Allah.
But to do that,
he had to go to Jerusalem.
Unfortunately,
he didn't know the name of the city.
And he said he met in the temple
with all of the Jewish big shots,
all of which had been dead for anywhere
from hundreds of years to centuries.
And, of course,
the temple didn't exist either.
It had been destroyed six hundred years
previous.
He got all of his facts wrong.
But, you know, in religion,
facts don't matter.
So, you know, what the heck?
And he had to leap up from Jerusalem
to get to Allah's paradise,
which means you can't get there from the
Kaaba.
Yeah,
he had to go from Jerusalem to get
there.
And on the way to meet with Allah,
he actually had to go through hell,
the first step.
Right.
when the uh right the winged ass uh
left left up from the temple mount was
to uh to visit uh Allah and it
was in hell and when he went into
hell the reason for the story is he
said that the majority of the inhabitants
were women in hell and and he was
asked you know so why were the majority
of the women in hell inhabitants and he
by the way he said that they were
all hanging from their breasts with meat
hooks through their breasts
Really a lovely, lovely place.
He said,
because they were not grateful to their
husbands.
And this is the religion that these two
libertards are promoting.
You know, it's a race too.
We've talked briefly about this,
but in the history of isms,
the two most deadly are represented in
this post.
Islam.
Islam has killed right around three
hundred million people.
The first two hundred million people that
were killed by Islam were killed in the
first hundred years of the religion.
At the time,
they murdered one third of the Earth's
population.
So this was within a hundred years of
Mohammed's death,
the first Muslims murdered one third of
the Earth's population and and another
third, they enslaved, plundered and raped.
This is the most murderous religion ever
conceived by man by a huge margin.
I mean,
by a factor of hundreds of times.
And the only thing that competes with it
is Marxism,
which is what these libertards don't wanna
admit that they are influenced by,
but it's progressives or Marxists.
And Marxists have killed about a hundred
and fifty million people in the last
hundred years.
So these are the two deadliest isms that
have ever been conceived by man.
And here they are locked together.
That's when, you know,
university students are out there and
they're protesting for Palestine will be
free and kill every Jew.
Yeah, it's Marxist unified with Muslims.
It's a.
Exceedingly toxic and deadly combination.
And this picture of it being glamorized in
Hollywood.
And it's just stunning.
And as I say,
George Clooney was just doing a liberal
talk show.
And one of the things is, oh, yeah,
yeah, yeah.
I'm all she was she was working with
the Muslim Brotherhood,
just made it in passing,
didn't even didn't even register in his
mind that, well, maybe that's not good.
Yeah.
That's maybe I shouldn't say that or yeah.
Or maybe I shouldn't be married to a
woman who worked for the Muslim
brotherhood.
Maybe that's a really bad idea or that
it's complete hypocrisy to pretend that
you're interested in women's rights,
children's rights,
anyone's rights when you're working for
the deadliest cult in the history of
humanity and the most peace in Africa and
feeding African children and all these
other ideas that, yeah, no,
let's get rid of the Islam in Africa
first.
Yeah, maybe we could feed people.
Maybe.
All right.
So what do we have next there,
my friend?
We.
Oh, boy.
What a what an absolute unmitigated
disaster.
First of all,
we may see it in a future post.
If we do it,
we'll skip over that one.
But a poll was taken recently that says
that sixty percent of Americans are in
support of using the US military to take
out these drug running boats.
Sixty percent.
Well, let me make this really clear.
America does not have a drug supply
problem.
Sure.
America has a drug addiction problem.
Nobody seems to remember prohibition.
When they outlawed the supply of alcohol,
it didn't change the desire to demand for
alcohol one iota.
And so all they did is make alcohol
more dangerous, more expensive,
and made organized crime very profitable.
That's all that was accomplished.
That is all that is being accomplished by
making drugs illegal.
Drugs should be legal and they should be
known for their harmful effects.
If you're dumb enough to use drugs because
your life is so miserable,
then you have made a really stupid choice.
But you're the problem as the drug user,
not the supplier.
So long as there is a demand,
there will always be supply.
When you're dealing particularly with
Venezuela,
Venezuela represents five percent of the
drugs consumed in the United States and
the boats that are in international waters
would have to fuel fifteen to twenty times
to even get there.
And so they aren't supplying drugs to the
United States.
And you're not saving one person's life no
matter how many people you kill at sea.
It is murder.
have no justification for doing it and
this notion that they're narco-terrorists
what a stupid thing to say and the
fact that there are magas and others that
believe that there is a narco-terrorist
it's just astounding first of all the
people that are driving those boats they
did not make the drugs they aren't even
selling the drugs
They have nothing to do with the
distribution of the drugs in America.
They are providing transportation and
largely because America has destroyed the
economies of those countries with its
sanctions.
We've made it very difficult to take care
of people.
And so they're they're mostly fishermen
that either were blackmailed into it
because they happen to have a boat or
they're just you know,
they took their daughter,
took their wives,
took a loved one and they were blackmailed
into it.
Huge percentage of it happens that way.
Or they economically they couldn't feed
their family without doing this.
So probably a lot of both.
But
They are the least deserving people to be
killed in this process.
And when you kill them in international
waters and you pretend that they are narco
terrorists,
They aren't narco anything,
and there's not a single one of them
that is a terrorist.
Terrorism is using a tactic that makes
life unbearable when you don't want to
prosecute your issue diplomatically or
with the standard military force.
For political gain, yeah.
Yeah,
it's a tactic that makes resistance
difficult.
And so it is a tactic.
For example,
you can't have a war on terrorism because
terrorism is a tactic.
It is not a cause or a motivation.
So these people are not motivated to harm
the U.S.
government.
They're not there to take down the U.S.
They're not there to make life in the
United States unbearable.
They're transporting a product.
Now, you may not like that product.
I choose not to use that product.
I rather like my life and my brain
the way it is.
But, you know, a lot of people,
unfortunately, are hooked on drugs.
But there is not one of those boat
crews that are narco anything or terrorist
anything.
It's just an absolute nightmare.
unmitigated lie and even if they were and
let's just say they were and they were
about to to land and distribute their
cargo it would be illegal in fact it
would be murder to kill them you can
arrest them you can try them
you can incarcerate them but even if you
arrested them and you gathered all the
evidence against them and you tried them
and you convicted them you still couldn't
kill them killing them is just wrong it
is murder and to have sixty percent of
Americans that can't figure that out i
mean are they ignorant they're irrational
or they're just immoral
And if you can see them,
if we can have drone footage of this,
then you can watch them completely to
where they go and apprehend them.
If you can see them,
you can apprehend them.
There's no reason to, yeah.
You could have an EMP pulse that takes
out the outboard motors.
You can put crews there that take out
the motors.
You can do a lot of different things
where you can then sink the boats and
take these people into custody.
But that's not what we're doing.
International waters.
killing them and justifying it.
Now,
the other thing that is so troubling to
me,
I say I happen to be a freedom
oriented guy.
I think that everything ought to be legal
and that there are good choices and bad
choices and you deal with the consequence
of your choices.
And in the case of drugs,
I would make all drugs legal and all
drugs stupid.
But in terms of illegal drugs right now,
do you know what percentage of Americans
are hooked on illegal drugs?
Oh,
easily five percent to twenty five
percent.
Seventy five million people.
So you want to know where the problem
is?
The problem is those seventy five million
people, twenty five percent of Americans.
So, Mr. Department of War,
you want to go and save lives.
You figure out how to get that seventy
five million people off of illegal drugs.
Now,
if you add prescription drugs that are
abused hugely in this country,
alcohol,
which is to the point that it is
being abused and nicotine to the point it
is being abused.
Then the number goes above seventy
percent.
Wow.
Now you have what in the range of
three hundred and well,
seven hundred and twenty,
two hundred and twenty five,
two hundred and twenty five million
Americans.
that are consuming one form of drug to
a risky level or another.
So we're a drugged country.
uh now you can fight this lots of
ways you know my uh favorite way to
combat it is a book like this so
that you can learn how you make your
life meaningful so that you can
communicate uh with the and get to know
god and and make your life worthwhile that
would be my uh first go and i
would i would make the distribution of
drugs just like alcohol it's legal uh you
tax it and you use the monies collected
from that tax
to ensure not only is the drug safe
to be consumed,
that it's in the right dosage,
but that also you're using all of the
proceeds to help people get off of them.
I mean,
there's not a lot of people that are
using drugs that say, God,
that is so much fun.
I just love it.
snorting my my house my wife my my
job my kids my reputation up my nose
I mean that is just so really wonderful
I can't wait to be able to to
go do that you know help them get
off of the drugs and then you are
winning whereas if you're trying to
curtail the supply then you're gonna look
like this clown here that has become a
lying murderer
know he says we're tracking them we're
killing them we're going to keep killing
them so long as they're uh poisoning our
people there's not a single one of those
people driving that boat is poisoning
anybody and we've literally become a
nation of fools that will believe whatever
is said and politics has become poison for
the mind
And and who is who's against drugs?
Right.
Drugs are bad.
So who's against drugs?
So that's what?
Sixty percent of the million are.
Sixty percent of the people that are OK
with it.
They just not thinking it through,
you know.
Oh, it's a it's a drugs.
Drugs are bad.
So, of course.
Yeah.
Get those drug drugs.
Drug guys, they're bad.
Drug guys are bad.
That's all you have to know.
Right.
Not thinking.
Well, it's murder.
Yes.
But since seventy percent of Americans are
abusing drugs in one way or another,
they're hypocrites.
As I drink my coffee.
Right.
And my iced tea here.
To say that drugs are bad is ignorant
as well.
Many drugs are extremely good.
And some drugs are great.
And it's the drugs that are
counterproductive.
It's not the drug's fault.
No,
it's the miserable is the miserable life
that tries to deal with their failure in
life.
Because we have created such a mess
between social media and indoctrination
versus education that
and our economy being completely ruined,
that people don't have any incentive.
There hasn't been.
We're going back to the conditions that
Yahweh got upset with in the garden,
where Yahweh caused the fall of man in
the garden, because Adam was a deadbeat.
He had showed no initiative.
And that's exactly what is happening to
the majority of Americans.
They have no initiative.
They don't work.
They don't want to contribute.
They think everything should be given to
them.
Their lives are meaningless.
And then they go spend all their time
online.
There is very little correlation between
social media and reality.
Oh, absolutely.
And I don't think that we do a
good enough job,
and I'm all for helping people,
don't get me wrong.
I don't think we do a good enough
job of making...
that circumstance of life uncomfortable.
I mean, where folks that are homeless,
they don't choose to be homeless mostly,
okay,
but the amount of resources that are put
into making that lifestyle comfortable
doesn't help those folks reach a bottom
that they're like,
something in my life's gotta change,
you know,
with all the resources that we throw at
them.
We allow our cities to be destroyed
because there's feces all over the
sidewalk and drug needles everywhere.
Needles.
People are just poisoned and crime runs
rampant because they have to steal to be
able to make their purchase the next
round.
We have by coddling them.
We have destroyed habitable places and and
downtown cities.
I was not long ago I went to
downtown Los Angeles and
I grew up there and it's a trash
can.
It's not even livable.
And we've done that to ourselves.
And so we have worked too hard in
this country
From the liberal side, again,
I'm apolitical.
I don't have a dog in this fight.
I don't vote.
I'm opposed to both main political parties
in the United States and all political
parties elsewhere.
But the most liberal among us has pushed
through policies such that success is
punished and failure is rewarded.
Mm-hmm.
And so we give entitlements to people who
have failed,
and we take the money from the people
who have been productive.
And if you have a society that is
rigged to punish success and to reward
failure,
you're going to get less success and more
which is why the country is bankrupt now.
The only reason that we even have this
appearance of not being completely
bankrupt is because we're destroying the
currency.
We're printing money.
to buy things.
It's the strangest thing that has ever
happened in a society because we became
the reserve currency after the Second
World War.
And we have abused it to the point,
like when we stole Russia's sovereign...
currency deposits and then sanctioned
Russia and threw them out of Swift when
we were the ones actually that started the
Ukrainian war it showed the world that we
can't be trusted and so everybody has been
fleeing dollars and I don't know how
they're going to fund the next four
trillion dollars that needs to be rolled
over because nobody wants the bonds and
the only thing it can do is either
default or create the illusion of more
money
But every time you do that,
you destroy the value of the currency.
And pretty soon you have to have
wheelbarrows to go buy a loaf of bread.
And that's where we're headed.
And we're headed that way because of this
entitlement mentality that we've created a
government that
punishes success and rewards failure.
It's why we don't make anything in
America.
You can't start a business that employs
people that want to work,
that you can trust to work and that
you can afford to pay with the
infrastructure surrounding it to make
stuff in America anymore.
It just can't be done.
And it's the reason why America has
become, you know,
just nothing but smoke and mirrors.
But anyway,
this whole thing is rotten to the core
and I'm disappointed in America for seven,
sixty percent supporting it.
And the fact of the matter is the
whole thing was a smokescreen anyway.
You aren't going to change the drug
consumption and deaths in America or the
internal crime that is committed as part
of the drug business in America,
which is the vast majority of the crime
in America is drug related,
having nothing to do with the suppliers,
having all to do with the distribution
once it gets to America.
And that being the case,
if you were to drain the ocean
you aren't going to make a one percent
dent in what we're experiencing,
not a one percent dent.
So this is all this man lying on
behalf of his lying president because
they're looking for an excuse to invade
Venezuela.
And they're looking for an excuse to
invade Venezuela for two reasons.
One is that America doesn't like the idea
that any other nation is involved with any
other nation in Central or South America.
America believes
that it is the total landlord of the
world, and in particular, the Americas,
and that everybody else has to stay out.
Now,
America has no problem putting NATO right
up against Russia's borders and denying
Russia all security and putting all manner
of weapons and war equipment right up
against Russia and denying Russia
everything under the sun and trying to do
the same thing with China.
Russia or China tries to do that in
the West, oh, no, no, can't have that.
And so the United States has been trying
to destroy Venezuela and get regime
change, which never works.
The United States has done a hundred
regime change operations since World War
II.
none of them have worked.
They've all been disastrous.
And every time we've tried it,
the country is left with many,
many people dying,
sometimes in the millions of people that
are dying.
And the same thing is true as Venezuela.
That's what we've done.
We've ruined the country.
And now with America being bankrupt,
Trump is looking for a source of
of revenue to solve America's bankruptcy.
So if you think that stealing from your
neighbor is a good way to solve your
debt crisis,
then you ought to applaud and say, oh,
well, that's just right.
Nothing bad about armed robbery, is there?
Right.
Not on this scale.
It's only bad whenever it's
person-to-person.
I'm not gonna go rob my neighbor.
Okay.
So when the government,
when your tax dollars and sixty percent of
Americans are, yeah, yeah, yeah,
we're all favor of that,
then it's not armed robbery anymore just
because you're using the military.
Right.
That's the perception anyway.
That is that's where we are.
It's all a it's all a lie because
America wants to steal Venezuela's oil.
A lot of it has to do with
the it's very heavy oil in Venezuela.
And the refineries in Texas and the Gulf
Coast of America are all built for that
very heavy crude.
They don't work well on sweet crude and
therefore they need this supply.
And because America tried to steal it and
has been so belligerent in the Americas,
it gave the opportunity for countries like
China and Russia to come in and treat
people decently.
And so now a majority of their oil
goes to China and to Russia and other
are distributed by Russia.
And Russia and China are providing their
economic stability and their defensive
posture.
It's always plays.
against the belligerent America has been
obnoxious and belligerent to the point now
where all of the roosters are coming home
and uh and America is going to pay
an exceedingly dear price economically and
militarily for the belligerence that it
has perpetrated on the world i mean we
destroyed places like Libya you know why
we invaded Libya had nothing to do with
miramar Qaddafi and uh being a bad guy
was uh was the excuse
You know why we destroyed Libya?
So we could sell guns there.
No, uh-uh.
Wasn't there.
That's why we destroyed Syria.
No, Libya.
Because it was the most prosperous country
in Africa.
And Muammar Gaddafi had decided that it
was appropriate for Africans to be
released from the slavery that was imposed
by the American petrodollar.
And he had created a gold-backed currency
that African nations could use to trade
with other countries in the world so they
wouldn't be held in servitude to America.
And that's why he was killed.
That brings me to the next one.
You know,
back about a month ago when Trump was
saying, oh, boy, we're big Americans.
We're going to go and we're going to
go save some Christians in Nigeria.
You know what the actual reason was?
Well, it's got to be oil in Nigeria.
Nigeria had decided that because of what
the United States had done,
confiscating the sovereign funds of Russia
and kicking them out of Swift for a
war that everyone in the world other than
Americans and Europeans know that
uh,
NATO and the United States started
realized being held captive to this is bad
for everyone.
And so they were part of that group
of countries that said, you know,
we'll sell oil and any currency.
Uh, we won't limit it to dollars.
And so the moment they made that
announcement,
that's when we came in the next day.
Oh, we're going to save some,
we're going to go and invade Nigeria and
we're going to save some Christians.
You know why we didn't go into Nigeria
and save some Christians.
Because Russia and China says, if you do,
you're going to find Russian defensive
systems supporting the Nigerians and
you're gonna find Chinese sanctions being
imposed against you and you can't survive
Chinese sanctions.
We played that game before.
That's what happened there.
When you mentioned Syria,
the reason that the Syrian Civil War
occurred is that
Even before America went into Iraq and
ruined Iraq, by the way, you know, Libya,
as a result of what America did now
is is living hellhole.
There is no functioning government,
no functioning economy.
People are sold in the slave markets.
It is it's hellacious what we did to
Libya and Syria before even the Iraq war.
The CIA did its normal thing.
The CIA cannot fathom that any country
should have the choice of buying weapons
from anybody but the United States.
If you buy American weapons,
America gets to control you.
And if you don't buy American weapons,
then you are not controllable by America.
And the Assad regime bought Russian
weapons.
And so the entire purpose of overthrowing
the Assad government wasn't because he was
a bad guy.
Yeah, he was a bad guy.
It had all to do with they wanted
the Russians out and they wanted the
Syrian government to buy American weapons.
So when the Islamic State,
which ultimately prevailed,
which is a direct result of that guy's
war department,
because the Islamic State is the US
awakening program in Iraq,
another country we destroyed.
uh and jv team yeah and so uh
the um awakening program created this the
Islamic state and it is the terrorist
organization that now runs Syria and you
know trump is buddy buddy let's come to
the white house oh man here here tried
some of my new cologne isn't this uh
great you're a handsome guy what i want
an attractive fellow writes him
handwritten notes and said you're gonna be
a great leader and we're gonna be there
to help you
It's the United States is just morally
bankrupt.
Everything we do is disgusting.
Look what happened when we we led this
civil war and in Syria,
not only did millions of people die,
those who didn't die migrated to Europe
and they destroyed Europe.
We we are responsible for the destruction
of Europe based upon our CIA plot to
overthrow the Assad regime.
You look at Iraq.
Bush blamed him for harboring Al Qaeda,
swore that Al Qaeda was there when
everybody who knew Saddam Hussein
recognized that Saddam Hussein never
tolerated an Islamic fundamentalist group
like Al Qaeda.
He knew they were dangerous and he knew
they would kill him as soon as they'd
kill anybody else.
And he made Iraq a place where you
could not be an Islamic terrorist.
And so there was no Iraq or Al-Qaeda
in Iraq, none.
And he was actually going after the
Kuwaitis and the Saudi Arabians who were
the source of Al-Qaeda.
And then we blamed him for having weapons
of mass destruction.
And by the way, if he had,
so what?
Wouldn't it be his right as a country
to have weapons?
Doesn't the United States have weapons of
mass destruction?
But he didn't even have them.
We justified crushing a country,
killing millions of people on a lie.
And then because of what we did and
the fact that Petraeus couldn't count,
we gave the country to Iran,
which fundamentally changed the Islamic
world for the worse.
How in the world there are any MAGA,
any American patriots,
it's astounding to me.
I left America because the more I studied
what we had done,
the more that I came to know about
America, the more disgusted I became.
And I'm not a casual observer here.
I knew presidents.
I've had them in my home.
I've been to their homes.
I've known many,
many top ranked senators who talk about
the kind of the ultimate boondoggle is
when America intervened deliberately to
overthrow the popularly elected government
of Ukraine for the express purpose of
using Ukraine as a proxy because we wanted
to destroy Russia so that we could
confiscate Russia's minerals.
And John McCain led that.
John McCain was a friend of mine.
I knew him quite well on my airplanes.
I was in his home, even my home,
the office.
We spent a lot of time together.
I knew him very well.
And after our time together ended,
he went off and he did this.
He started that war.
And look what's happened.
Two million Ukrainians dead.
Country is ruined.
It's a rump state.
And we blame Russia for what we did.
The United States is despicable.
That's just the bottom line here.
And it's going to come home to roost.
So, Mr. War Department,
with all your little tattoos and your
alcoholic problem,
and you think that you're defending our
people, you don't represent me.
I'll guarantee you that.
And anybody that thinks that clown is a
decent human being,
you're not a decent human being.
Yeah.
Can you read this?
This is this is yeah,
this is a point,
a sub point on the point.
What this is saying,
this is a gentleman from the House Armed
Services Committee.
He has actually seen the unclassified or
the classified video of the double tap.
which was particularly reprehensible.
We blew up a boat in international waters.
There were two survivors.
They clung to the side of that vessel
for over an hour,
and then we issued an order to go
kill them.
That is a war crime.
It's murder.
And we've now had Hegseth admit initially,
proud that he did it,
saying you'll kill them all then he when
he found out well that's uh that's uh
murder and i you know i can go
to prison for that then he changed his
story and said no no i didn't do
that and then he in a cabinet meeting
he says you know i'm a busy guy
what do you think i'm doing sitting around
all this time and watching this kind of
stuff no that's you know i i'm too
busy to to be involved in that i
saw the first part of it but i'm
too busy to have watched the rest of
it too busy too
oversee murder then uh he uh then his
next excuse was fog of war yeah okay
maybe maybe you got me but fog of
war you know but there was no war
we haven't declared war on anybody there's
no there's no war nobody nobody was
shooting in America video nobody was
shooting in America i can guarantee you
that nobody was shooting in America
there's no fog of war here
So another just complete lie,
and yet people don't hold him accountable.
And then they finally released the videos,
and he comes up with, well,
let's bring the admiral that is overseeing
all of this in,
and let's pin it on him.
Let's have him say that, no,
Secretary of War, no,
and Trump and Hegseth, no.
It was all me.
I'm the one that gave the order.
downhill.
Yes.
And so you know,
he so he should all rolls downhill.
So he said, I'm responsible,
except guess what?
The video evidence doesn't substantiate
anybody being responsible other than hexa.
They're online.
Wow.
It's a really dark day for for America.
And you know, I'm sorry,
if you're a patriot,
you believe that your country is always
wonderful,
and your economy is the best in the
world and that you're a nation of peace
and all of this,
but it's just not true.
Yeah.
Oh, this is coming home.
Yeah, well, this is the MAGA deal.
So, you know,
there was a National Guardsman that was
killed.
And, you know,
I am completely opposed to the U.S.
deploying National Guardsmen and our
troops in U.S.
cities.
for political purposes or for law
enforcement purposes.
That is not the purpose of either of
those two organizations.
They're not trained for that duty at all.
It's a it's a policing function.
And either you're going to police your
cities or you're not going to police your
cities.
But the moment you send in troops,
then you are dealing with the the brown
shirts and the the Gestapo and
in Germany and then if you augment the
troops with this hugely growing massed ice
contingent where they come in and unmarked
cars with unmarked people wearing masks
with guns and throwing women and children
to the sidewalk and trampling people's
rights and you do all of these things
together and a National Guardsman gets
killed
I'm going to tell you,
I'm not crying for that individual.
I'm sorry.
I'm sure he has a family and friends
and all that sort of thing.
And it's a shame that he got killed,
but he should not have been deployed.
And of course,
the person that killed this one happened
to be an Islamic man,
came from Afghanistan.
And the CIA even admitted that he was
in their employ.
So we just have no judgment whatsoever as
a country.
We don't understand Islam at all as a
nation.
And so this idiot who is a MAGA
person wants to have everybody bemoan the
death of a National Guardsman who never
should have been where he was.
killed by a Afghani Muslim terrorist who
the CIA and others were responsible for
bringing into this country,
never should have been here.
And we should not be a sanctuary
for a religion that is as deadly as
islam and islam has always been deadly
it's never going to change the quran is
a a death wish it's genocidal for human
for humanity i mean Allah says that all
muslims must either have either died
already killing for him or will die
killing for him there's no other option in
islam so then they compare that to say
but but it's moral it's moral to to
kill these people in these boats
Well, it's not.
You don't know anything about them.
You have no right to go in international
water and just murder people.
And then they'll say, well,
Obama did a bunch of that.
Yeah, he did.
So did George W. Bush.
So does Trump.
So did Biden.
American presidents think they're God.
They think they can go and kill anybody
they want to kill whenever they want to
kill them because they want to kill them.
I, the fact that,
that one guy is no worse than the
other guy means that they're all horrible.
So don't talk about morality here.
This is what moral decay looks like.
No,
what moral decay looks like is Maga
complete and utter moral decay.
Yeah.
It's okay when my team does it,
but when your team does it,
it's no good.
Right.
And then.
we reverse the roles and all of a
sudden it's not good now.
You went on about Bush, Obama, Biden,
Trump, that is the issue,
just like you said.
It is the power that's given to one
government to do these things.
Well over ten thousand innocent people
killed by Obama with drones.
uh not a single one of them uh
indicted not a single one of them tried
no case no evidence no nothing just we
don't like that person they say well
they're a terrorist well how do you know
they're a terrorist and what gives you the
right to to kill a person that is
practicing their religion in another
country then a single person that Obama
killed with those drones had killed an
American
No, it's not.
It's just flat out murder.
You can't do that kind of stuff and
have the world respect you or even pretend
that you aren't involved in moral decay
and it's on both sides of the aisle.
And I think it's on both sides of
the aisle largely because the United
States at the highest level is run by
a combination of folks like the CIA and
NSA and four-star,
the top generals of the military,
and the leading industrialists,
the bankers and the billionaires.
And collectively, that is the government,
regardless of who you have in the, well,
we used to call it the White House,
now it's the Gold House, trailer trash.
But the last person who told them no
you know,
I'm not going to go to war with
Cuba because you want to fake an attack.
That's what they told Kennedy,
is that we have it all set up
that we have this coup that we're going
to say that the Cubans came in and
they invaded with some terrorists and they
killed some innocent Americans and that
this will use as the reason to go
in and invade Cuba.
And he says, no,
I'm not going to do that.
A week later, he was dead.
So I think that Trump has to know,
even as stupid as he is,
that the Ukrainian proxy war is lost.
And he doesn't want to be the president.
That takes the blame and the war ends
with a Russian victory while he is in
the white house.
So he wants to do anything to cause
that war to end.
But guess what?
The military industrial complex in the U S
the CIA, the NSA,
and the top military brass in the country.
They don't want it to end.
They want it to continue.
It's their gravy tank.
And so you can't end it because they
won't allow you to end it.
And if you tried to end it,
they'll kill you.
Yeah.
You're surrounded by their their Treasury
Department protection.
So the.
Hmm.
One of the things that people don't
understand and we have this huge.
Debate going on,
I really can't call it a debate because
there's nobody actually that knows the
rules of debate.
anymore.
But you have the the left wanting to
call anybody who is a centrist or
rightist, a fascist.
And the the right wants to call anybody
that's liberal, a communist.
But here's the truth of the matter.
Nazi Germany, and
and Italy were both
communist they were both marxist actually
not communists they were marxist regimes
yeah it was the uh the socialist german
workers party in germany and mussolini's
party and he himself uh was socialist in
a socialist society power is concentrated
in the government uh the most important
industries and banking and that sort of
thing are nationalized
The government makes all decisions about
how people live,
what they can do and what they can't
do.
Total concentration of power.
But in a socialist society,
there is still private industry.
Some ownership of homes and some
businesses can still be privately owned,
where in a communist society there is no
private industry.
So communism is just socialism at the next
step.
Fascism is just socialism with different
branding.
Nothing changed with Mussolini or Hitler
when they went from socialist to Marxist,
other than the branding was a little
snappier.
It was a little better on the goose
step.
The uniforms and the insignias were a
little more powerful.
Governments didn't change at all.
The economic system didn't change at all.
A Marxist and a fascist economic system
and form of governance are identical.
And that's what this fellow is saying,
that fascism and national socialism are
the same beast.
So, you know,
if you want to condemn people for being
fascists and you're a Marxist, you've got,
you know,
Three fingers pointing back at you if
you're pointing one the other way.
So I'm sorry.
They are the same thing.
And it's a sad thing that people don't
understand that that is the reality.
And the issue is that the reason that
Marxism, fascism, and socialism,
and communism,
the reason they all fail is because they
concentrate power.
When you concentrate power,
you take the individual out of the
equation.
You eliminate incentive.
There's no reward now for hard work or
success.
In a capitalistic system, free enterprise,
it is possible to end up with a
concentration of wealth.
But in a communist socialist system,
what you're going to guarantee is an
accumulation of poverty.
So poverty will be equal as opposed to
wealth being unequal.
And that is really the the difference in
practice because of two factors.
One is that humanity does not do well
when in large organizations,
gang mentality, the larger the empire,
the larger the nation,
the larger the institution,
the worse it becomes.
And so individuals can be good or bad
institutions like
religions and and nations and empires are
almost universally bad.
So concentration of power is wholly
corrupting for humankind.
And second,
when you take personal incentive out of
the equation and you make it from each
according to their ability and to each
according to their need,
you destroy incentive.
And without incentive,
there is no industry.
Yeah, coming off of Turkey Day recently,
I think I read that the original issue
was they were collectivists.
When they got off the boat, the pilgrims,
and they started their little plot,
they were collectivists,
where everybody's doing it all together
for the community,
and that's why they almost starved to
death.
was they were,
and it wasn't until that next year that
they're like, yeah, yeah,
that's not working, that they, okay,
you own this plot and you work your
plot.
There wasn't,
everybody's working the garden,
the fields and everything,
and then divvying it out and we can
have a market and sell it, you know,
that then the community started to thrive.
So individual, individual,
individual incentive is key.
And it's also key in our relationship with
Yahweh, with God.
You have to individually have the
incentive to learn, to listen, to engage,
to think and to respond.
And if you don't have the individual
incentive and you want to go along with
the group like the like the religious do,
you're going to be wrong and it's going
to cost you your life.
Yeah.
I don't understand the fasces.
The fasces is still a,
it's a bundle of sticks, right,
with the axe head on top of it.
So it's collective.
And it's also the symbol that they have
behind them in the Senate or in the...
the Republic building.
They have the fascist symbol, that Latin,
you know,
Roman fascist symbol right behind them,
behind the Speaker of the House's,
you know, podium and everything.
And so how do you not get that
fascism is here?
It's a part of the United States,
has been.
Yeah, New World Order on our currency.
It's a debt instrument.
Look at what's happening in America that
people are missing,
is that Donald Trump is Der Fuhrer.
ICE is nothing more than the Gestapo of
old.
Rather than Jews,
they're hunting Hispanics.
And the National Guard in our cities now
are the brown shirts.
And what Trump is doing with his arc,
with his new ballroom,
and if you look at his podium now,
the podium now has the Roman Aquila,
the Roman eagle.
It's now all about building the Fourth
Reich.
We had the Reich of Imperial Rome,
the nastiest,
most vicious civilization ever known to
humanity.
It becomes the Roman Catholic Church,
which is the most oppressive organization
in human history.
It then becomes Nazi Germany out of the
Holy Roman Empire becomes the Third Reich
of Nazi Germany led to the deaths of
fifty million people.
And now Donald Trump is creating the
Fourth Reich.
Yeah.
It won't be long.
Poor Pete being attacked.
Yeah,
I think we've pretty much gone over this.
But why is he being attacked for defending
Americans?
Because he's not defending Americans.
He's indiscriminately killing people as a
pretext to go to war.
I love this.
I think it was Leah that created these.
And she just walked in the room.
So if somebody else contributed to them,
she'll share that.
Okay, she did say that was her.
She's done three.
One is for Dowd, the great ram,
our returning king, the Passover lamb.
one was of yada as the bull and
the other is uh the great goat uh
the goat with the with gab with the
gift of uh of gab the glib goat
uh who is elia and it's uh it's
done really manly manly i mean it's uh
black and gold and and with blood because
all of them all of them shed blood
for this cause
But this,
you can see the blood drops up there
in the corners.
But Dowd is the returning king.
He is our savior.
He is the Messiah.
He is the son of God.
He is the basis of the Christian myth
of Jesus,
although Jesus also borrowed heavily from
Dionysus.
But the myth of a of a Jesus
being crucified on Passover,
being the son of God,
being a returning king and being the
chosen one, a shepherd as a Messiah.
All of that is because Paul robbed Dowd,
who is the real Messiah,
son of God and savior of all of
his titles and accomplishments to create
that myth.
This is the real McCoy.
His name is Dowd.
For people that don't like it pronounced
that way,
that is the way that he wrote it
in all of his own Psalms.
That's the reason.
That's the way that Yahweh wrote it when
he spoke of his son.
uh in the eighty-ninth ms more that's the
way it was written all the way up
through the um uh the sixth uh and
seventh century bce it was only after that
and the few prophetic uh books and the
writings that were written after that time
that they added a yode after the uh
the wah and the daleth
And became Doed.
But the verbal root is Doed.
It means beloved.
And his name is pronounced Doed.
And there is no V in Hebrew.
And there's no source of the id in
the name until...
centuries after Dowd's life i i my guess
is i'm just going to go on a
chance here uh and correct me if you
think i'm wrong that when Dowd wrote the
um the hundred um mizmor or songs and
he wrote the lyrics and he introduced
himself as the author of them i'm going
to and we have copies of them in
the dead sea scrolls i'm going to go
out on a limb here and say that
he knows how to spell his name
And he wrote it, Dowd.
And four years after his passing,
when the cornerstone was set for the home
for Yahweh's name called a temple,
Yahweh inspired and wrote the Eighty-Ninth
Mismore,
the single most important piece of
literature in human history.
And in it,
he mentions that the name of his son,
the Messiah, the Savior,
and the returning king is Dowd, D-O-W-D.
I think he probably knows how to spell
two.
Yes, yes.
Folks want to say that Yawa doesn't know
how to pronounce his own name and Dowd
can't spell his own name.
So, yeah,
I have to disagree with them on all
counts.
Yeah,
I would disagree too with Paul and Peter,
who said that Dowd was dead and buried
and excluded from heaven so they could
steal everything from Dowd and give it to
the mythical Jesus Christ.
When Yahweh says,
he's right here with me and he's coming
back.
It'll be on Yom Kippur,
which is the second of October,
twenty thirty three.
He's coming back.
And when he when he returns,
he is going to be Elion.
He's going to be all things representing
my influence.
And his throne is going to be as
brilliant as the sun.
and my presence,
so I have a hunch that just maybe,
sort of, when God says,
Dowd is my son and I am his
father, that Dowd's really not dead.
going out on a limb here.
Right.
Well, actually,
it's OK to be at a limb because
note is the schmuck, the branch.
Right.
So it probably is OK.
A limb.
How many how many books do you have
to write to make it a limb?
You know,
how well I stand for when I can
a stump to a limb.
You know,
I was only three foot tall now.
I was introduced by as the children,
which is a stem.
Dowd is called the shamak,
which is the main branch.
Dowd is the tree of lives.
And I don't care how many trees,
how many limbs, how many branches.
I don't care how much you try to
add.
You are never going to reach the level
of that fellow right there.
That is the epitome of humankind right
there.
Doesn't go beyond that guy right there.
And you might as well get comfortable
under the shade of his branches because
he's the guy.
There is no life beyond the one that
we are living right now without what he
did on Pesach, Monson, and Mokotem.
So that's the guy.
I can concur with that one.
Yeah,
so you see we're having a forty one
part B. That was funny.
We we actually had a an island wide
power outage today,
which is what happened.
We were in the midst.
We were thirty two minutes into forty one
of the voice,
which was a return to Mismore Psalm six,
which I had spent an hour and a
half in our previous show on verse six
one because.
Verse six one confirms everything I've
been saying, that Dowd is the savior,
that Dowd is the one that God proved
that it is possible for a man to
live up to his expectations,
that you don't have to be perfect in
God's sight.
As a matter of fact,
he doesn't want you to be perfect because
it wouldn't be interesting.
He wants you to be reliable,
wants you to be interesting,
wants you to listen,
wants you to be engaged so that you
take initiative and you do stuff and that
you become reliable.
Dota is all of those things.
Anyway,
we got that thirty two minutes into our
first program, which for a lot of people,
that would be a long show, you know,
thirty minutes of
talking like this off the cuff without
notes with just look into the camera and
talk.
That would be a lot, but it was,
you know,
kind of a half a show for us.
So when the power spike took down the
connectivity,
we came right back about ten minutes later
and delivered another thirty plus minutes.
And I'm here to tell you that if
you missed
And these last two shows on the voice
now, A and B in this last part,
you missed something that's really
special.
It is the affirmation that what we're
saying about Dowd is absolutely true.
There was no Jesus Christ.
It was Dowd who was here in a
second of three lives.
He fulfilled Pesach, Matzah, and B'Kurim.
He is our savior.
He is a returning king.
He is the Messiah.
He is the son of God.
He is the chosen one.
He's the most interesting and important
man who has ever lived.
All right, sir.
So you have a CCCP there.
My guess is that there aren't even ten
percent of Americans that even know what a
CCCP is.
Now, you've got a gray beard.
My guess is you're a certain age.
I know.
Yeah.
And I'm probably what, five,
six hundred years older than you are.
well maybe a little more maybe a little
more a little more which age are we
taking yeah the moon's four point five
billion years on it uh the cccp i
was there when there was a cccp um
i was there in uh nineteen uh seventy
four seventy five i was there for two
months
During the time my trip started in what
was Leningrad and it proceeded all the way
across to Lake Baikal in Siberia,
then even went into outer Mongolia.
uh and uh and then back uh time
on the orient express i was accompanied
because of course this was deep into the
period of the soviet union um uh so
cccp yeah yeah oh goodness way way before
yeah and i was assigned because it was
so unusual to have anybody be allowed from
the west into russia that
to even make the trip.
It took a year's worth of planning.
That's pretty hard to do when you're I
was twenty years old at the time,
depending on whose timeline we're using.
But but it it was hard to arrange
being able to do this.
And I was really adventurous as a young
man.
I mean, I was super, super adventurous.
And I was met by a KGB agent,
and she was assigned to me the entire
time.
And we did the ultimate grand tour.
I mean, it was like Dr. Zhivago,
where you're going across the Russian
Great Plains and all the way into Siberia
and coming back.
And her name was, I'll never forget it,
Natasha Gritskova.
was my KGB agent,
and we talked about everything.
But what was so interesting to me being
in Russia at that time,
and I was also in communist China within
a year of that time.
I was at the first contingent of what
was ten people that were allowed
from the West into China after Nixon made
it legal.
So I was the first group.
I actually went in with Tenzing Norgay,
which is a name that might ring a
bell to a few people.
He's the Sherpa that dragged Hillary up
Everest.
That's Tenzing Norgay.
He's a hero in the Asian world.
So it was really interesting to be there
with him.
And we were so...
unusual for red china at the time that
when we went in cities like shanghai there
would be millions of people lining the
street just to see us
come down the street.
In every community we went into,
the Communist Party would throw these big
bashes because I was the youngest person
by far.
It was Gombe this, Gombe that.
Man,
I must have had a thousand Gombes over
the time I was there.
And I want to tell you,
my impression then,
and the same thing was true with Russia.
The people are marvelous.
We want to paint both as being boogeymen.
They're just not.
They're really lovely people.
I did business for...
over the next twenty years.
With the Chinese and the Taiwanese,
I was the
opened one of the first enterprise zones
when the enterprise zone concept was
brought into China,
which is what caused China to become the
industrial leader of the world.
And my trip through the Soviet Union,
escorted by Natasha Gerizkova,
was this glorious festival of discovery,
while also under the pall of human
oppression.
I learned firsthand just how horrible
communism was.
These people had no idea what a Westerner
was about.
All they had ever seen is propaganda.
They had never talked with one.
They had,
you'd go into a store there and where
we go into an American store,
there may be fifty brands of toothpaste
and every imaginable size,
flavor and dispenser.
There's one which is there sometimes which
you have to line up when the shipment
comes in or you won't get it.
You know,
everything deodorant there is one,
not hundreds.
It was horrible how much they were
deprived just in their ordinary lives.
They didn't get to choose where they live.
They didn't get to choose what they wanted
to read.
They couldn't choose where they wanted to
go.
They could not choose where they wanted to
work.
and no freedoms in their lives.
And what I noticed in both Red China
and the Soviet Union is that because they
were at war with religion,
which later in my life I would also
become at war with religion,
but they replaced religion of pretend gods
with religion of men.
And so in Russia,
Lenin and Marx and Stalin,
they were all chiseled.
The depictions of them were as the Greeks
and the Romans presented their gods.
And there was always, you know,
Mao's Little Red Book.
And there was the sayings of Lenin and
Stalin.
And people had to memorize these.
They sung their songs in the morning,
glorifying these hideous, murderous,
deceitful, counterproductive men.
And so there were statues and billboards
and everything,
everything was just placard by these four
men, Mao in China.
And but also in China,
you also had Lenin and Marx.
And in Russia, it was Marx,
Lenin and Stalin.
And you could not have three worse men.
They turned men into gods,
and so communism became the religion of
man.
and the oppression and the poverty.
We went to places where they didn't even
have indoor plumbing.
People were still coming to wells,
they were still in donkeys.
There was a facade of a country that
could send up a rocket with Gregorian and
that could make an atomic bomb.
But underneath it all,
it was just total poverty.
Now, I've been back to Russia many times.
And I've been in one hundred and seventy
five countries with about two hundred and
twenty five in the world now.
So I've seen most of the world puts
me in a really interesting position to do
a show like this.
And I've been back to Russia several times
since the end of communism.
And Russia has blossomed like a pearl.
It just butted out.
It's a beautiful flower.
i russia is for all that people have
been fooled into believing that putin is a
boogeyman he is about an eighty five
percent approval in russia they love him
and they love him because of the fact
that he cares about russians and he
compares about the values that are
important to russia he is dedicated to
defending russians and uh what putin did
that people don't like is that he did
empower the oligarchs and the transition
but
What he also did is prior to him,
the oligarchs already existed.
And so the average business person running
the shop would have to pay six, seven,
eight oligarchs.
Everyone was abandoned.
You know, just like the mob,
you had to buy insurance.
And so there were six or seven people
all wanted ten to fifteen percent of the
revenue.
And by the time you went through the
sixth or seventh of them,
there was nothing left.
And so Putin streamlined it all down and
said, all right,
I'm going to be your oligarch.
And I'm going to be the only one.
And so we'll get along great.
And it's no longer a burden for you.
And you can be prosperous.
And I'm going to encourage you to succeed.
And he did.
And they love him for it.
And they also recognize that this war in
Ukraine has nothing to do with Russia's
aggression.
The United States plotted this war, Benny,
twenty years ago and have done everything
to ensure that this war would be fought
and then
have armed the Ukrainians as if they were
cannon fodder.
We've allowed two million of them to die,
destroying that country.
We're going to abandon the country.
And we did it all because we wanted
to control Russia.
And those are the facts.
Whether you want to believe it or not,
those are the facts.
And so it bothers me that the world
has come to hate Russians and hate Putin
when he is, in fact, so much better.
than the Americans and the Europeans and
the NATO folks that have promoted this war
and have led to the deaths of so
many.
Putin is not running the Ukraine war as
an all-out war.
He wanted to protect the ethnic Russians
that were in the East.
They have all now, including the Crimeans,
voted to be part of Russia.
They are now sovereign part of Russia.
There's no longer up for debate as to
what they're going to be.
That's what they are.
They were harassed by the Ukrainian regime
when the United States led the coup that
overthrew the popular elected government.
And so they're never coming back.
And the next strike is going to be
Odessa if this war isn't settled by
surrender.
And if the Russians take Odessa,
then Ukraine is a landlocked rump state
and there's no fixing it.
The most interesting thing that will
happen after that, if it does occur,
is the Sawaki corridor.
You probably haven't heard a lot about
that,
but the Sawaki corridor is this strip of
land between Poland and I believe
Lithuania.
There's a Russian territory on the Baltic
there.
But when the Soviet Union fell apart,
And it gave up those territories,
and therefore it has no conduit to get
back and forth from the Russian mainland
into the seaside community where they have
a naval port and this sort of thing,
and an ice-free port.
And so the Russians are going to take
that back.
just a matter of time and and when
they do they will have split NATO and
NATO will probably want to invoke the
article five and it could be catastrophic
but you know I'm here to tell you
that Putin who has been turning the other
cheek over and over and over again and
has been the least violent player in this
war who has kept the lid on this
thing to the extent that he could when
Germany,
France and the UK and the United States
started sending long range missiles into
Ukraine,
putting in the targeting solutions and
firing those missiles into Russia.
It changed the calculus and and he's not
going to take it.
And and if the consequences he needs to
blow up some American warships or some
American bases or send off a technical
nuke, he's going to do it.
So that's that's where we that's where we
stand.
You can't rape people and not expect them
to respond.
Right.
Particularly when they have the largest
nuclear arsenal in the world.
Yeah,
it was all fine and dandy whenever it
was damaged.
What you know that the conflict stayed in
Ukraine,
but when when
refineries are starting to hit in Russia.
Airports are getting hit outside of
Moscow, of all places.
Yeah, it gets real that, okay,
then it's going to get real for Europe
as well,
especially if it's the third munitions
that are doing it.
The CIA and MI-VI were the ones that
coordinated the drone strike against
Russia's strategic nuclear airborne fleet.
And that's the ultimate,
you can't be that stupid move.
uh it should have triggered a nuclear
response from the russians uh it was as
dumb as anything and it had this happened
during the trump presidency he he denied
it and it was impossible for him not
to know if he if he didn't know
which i think is impossible then he's the
most senile useless piece of crap that's
ever occupied the white house uh but it
was a cia and uh mi-six operation uh
we put in all all of the targeting
information and
those airplanes were out in the open for
a reason that was what the treaty uh
required so that you knew they weren't
flying and delivering nuclear warheads
they had to be out there in the
open so the satellites could see them and
we had all the target information we gave
it to the ukrainians and they used it
oh my god we're stupid yeah there's a
fun one
Yeah, this is kind of a fun one.
Boy,
there's such so much unthinking as it
relates to the creation of the of the
universe.
And of course,
this is sort of an interesting shape.
The universe is actually flat.
So this this shows that round but it
is it's flat.
It could never have been flat if it
was an uncontrolled explosion through a
singular big bang.
So that doesn't fit any models,
but it is flat.
Second of all, they have in this,
I think it's the third or fourth,
fourth input speaks of quarks.
Anything prior to quarks being confined,
we might as well just not talk about
it because prior to quarks being confined,
time doesn't move.
Again,
this is something that Einstein proved,
and we know to be true,
which is that time doesn't flow without
the existence of matter.
When there is just energy, as there was,
and this has a singular Big Bang,
that is not the case.
There were countless Big Bangs.
There were Big Bangs everywhere.
It was the entire universe.
this void that was that Yawa was going
to start the universe and he initiated
these things everywhere.
So the universe is such that we know
it was not one Big Bang,
this singularity which they have here,
didn't happen that way.
We now know for certain there were many
of these things.
And time doesn't actually move,
doesn't flow until quarks are confined.
That is the point where energy has cooled
sufficiently for it to form matter.
And it begins to flow at that point.
So anything to the left of quark
confinement is a complete unknown to us.
And we are now with the James Webb
telescope able to see
galaxies, very large,
sophisticated galaxies that are in the
range of thirteen point five billion years
old.
And that's just the current.
Depth that away that that Webb can can
see, if you will.
But there's no possibility that in a
matter of.
of five hundred million years that
galaxies like this could have formed
impossible.
So the universe is older than this.
Thirteen point eight billion years and
thirteen point eight billion years is all
based upon the residual temperatures that
we're measuring and our guesstimate of
court confinement,
because we don't really know the
temperature of court confinement.
And they picked a temperature.
They picked it at one extreme versus the
in the middle point of the middle point
is fifteen billion years,
which I think is probably the right
number.
And and they picked one that limited it
to thirteen point eight.
But they know now that the universe is
older than thirteen point eight billion
years.
Now, thirteen point eight billion years.
Not from the point of creation of the
universe,
it's six twenty four hour days old from
being there at creation,
because in the in the presence of great
energy or great velocity,
which there was plenty of both time slows
and we know the
The slowness of time relative to Earth
time is ten to the twelfth power because
of the microwave radiation that we can
marry measure from the Wilkinson probe.
So when you do the math and you
take fifteen billion years and you divide
fifteen billion years by ten to the
twelfth power.
You get.
Six twenty four hour days.
OK,
so so creation time of six twenty four
hour days.
fifteen billion years Earth time,
which wouldn't even exist for another ten
billion years after the Big Bang,
they happen to be exactly the same number.
And scientists know that the same number,
the average person doesn't.
So they're still having this argument when
there really should have been no argument
at all.
But it is really interesting.
We are we have launched an instrument
that has told us that our textbooks are
wrong about everything.
It's one of the things too,
but science still can't give it up.
They'll still say, you know,
it's thirteen point eight billion years
old, but they know it's not true.
And they'll still talk about the Big Bang
and the singularity,
and they know that's not true anymore.
It's the same thing with macroevolution
because microevolution is true.
Finches have different shapes of beaks
depending on the places that they have
lived.
But there is no proof of macroevolution.
The thirty five types of animal body types
that we see today,
there's thirty five types,
all thirty five types came onto the scene
all at the same time.
They didn't evolve from one to the other,
And all of it was right after the
Earth's atmosphere cleared enough
to animals by having plants create oxygen
and it cleared the earth's atmosphere and
we stopped having constant volcano
eruptions and constant meteor impacts and
so the earth's atmosphere cleared to the
point where plant life on land was
possible it cleared the atmosphere more
and then all
Dr.
Michael Gomez- forms of animal life all
came to existence within a period of about
three hundred million years,
and what that means is that the theory
of macro evolution, which says that Okay,
so it really is impossible for.
Dr.
Michael Gomez- For life to emerge from
from non life they you know it so
i've used the example of a tornado going
over a.
junkyard and producing a flyable seven
forty seven and saying that that actually
has a much higher likelihood of of
happening than life from inorganic
material and what the nature the primary
scientific magazine finally had to print a
retraction and say now that we we have
proof that all thirty five forms of of
animal life were conceived at the same
time.
our theory that, yes,
it is highly unlikely, if not viewed,
we didn't say impossible,
for life to emerge and by random chance,
given enough time, billions of years,
the impossible becomes probable.
And now they know that there wasn't enough
time.
And so it wasn't possible.
And now, knowing that,
their next excuse was, well,
it came in on a comet.
came in on a comet,
came in on an asteroid or a meteorite.
And of course,
now it's got to be able to stand
no oxygen, no water,
freezing conditions beyond our
imagination,
and then heat beyond our comprehension as
plasma builds up around it.
And you want to say that's where you've
seeded life.
And then you have this other problem.
The Earth is so perfectly tuned for life.
And when you realize all of the things
that go into it and how fragile it
is in that tuning,
it is highly unlikely that there is life
right now on any other planet.
I could go through for an hour and
tell you all the things that have to
be right and that are unique to this
planet.
And that's why when I say that Elon
Musk consents he's going to have millions
of people live on Mars,
I'm saying you're not going to have a
single person live on Mars.
You might have somebody die on Mars.
If you have a trillion dollars you want
to squander,
you can have somebody die on Mars.
You're not going to have anyone live on
Mars.
And the same thing is true with the
moon.
You can get to the moon.
It's only three days away versus it's a
six day round trip to the moon with
a three, four day stay.
It's a long weekend or a long week's
vacation.
But you're going to Mars.
It's been a part of three years,
nine months there, nine months back.
And then you have to wait essentially two
years for the planets to align properly.
You've got just shot of three years and
the human body can't stand it.
Our bones would disintegrate.
Our heart would go stop functioning.
Our muscles wouldn't work.
Without gravity, we die.
Who's the longest it's been on the space
station?
They come back and that's a few months
and they can't even walk.
That is correct.
And our space station is shielded by the
magnetic field of the world, of our globe.
And so you're still not exposed to cosmic
rays there.
But and even then they're spending,
you know, quarter of their day exercising.
And even then they can't they can't really
do the exercises necessary for their bones
and for their hearts and upper body
muscles and all that sort of thing.
And so it is it's really a serious
problem.
And there is no way anyone is ever,
ever going to go to Mars and come
back and and live on Earth.
And the question is,
why would you even talk about such a
stupid thing?
Because the only way you could survive,
let's say if you didn't die en route
to Mars and that you actually got a
spacecraft to land on Mars and all the
equipment worked on that spacecraft that
could keep you alive on Mars and you
sent in all of the soil because you
can't use Martian soil to grow anything,
all the soil.
you can't get water so you're gonna have
to bring in all the water and all
the soil uh into mars and all the
fuel uh to run your equipment and all
the backup parts because if you lose
something it's three years to get a
replacement uh you're gonna bring it all
in this only where you can live they
have all these you know pretty domed glass
domed uh cities that you see and they
and the pictures they want to believe no
the only way you can you can survive
on mars is in a hole
because of the cosmic rays and the
temperatures and everything else,
the only place that a human can survive
on Mars would be in a hole,
in a cave.
So if you want to live in a
hole,
why not just take a hole on Earth
and you don't have any of the other
problems?
Right.
Well,
then you're accused of having an elite
bunker, so it's not as cool.
If you do it on Earth,
it's a bunker for the elite,
and it's not as cool, right?
But on Mars, it's a pipe dream,
and we can get people to invest in
it.
We're all going to Mars.
I was a guest many times at the
Greenbrier.
And one of those times there was the
Greenbrier, I saw the elitist bunker,
which was finally given up because we have
another elitist bunker so that the top
echelon of America has their elite bunker
with all the fine foods and chefs and
quarters so that when the nuclear strike
happens, they can go into their bunker.
And the rest of us, we just die.
Well, I won't because...
I opted out.
I moved out of the United States.
I said, no, no, no,
I don't want to be part of this
anymore.
Right.
The worst part about a bunker is the
company, I'm just saying.
It's always better to have your own
bunker.
You and my wife are introverts.
And Rich here, he's an introvert too.
He won't even turn on the lights over
there now.
He's just hiding out.
I'm in the background watching everything.
I've seen Leah walk back and forth.
She's another one of these introverts.
You guys are going to have your own
little bunkers.
And I'm the social guy here.
Although I will tell you that once we
started the blog and we're doing this
eventually every day,
there is now you ritual say, yeah,
there's one day a week.
I beg for downtime.
It even being an extrovert to any little
quiet time.
Yep.
All right.
What do we got next on that list?
Oh my God.
Oh goodness.
We can't listen to this, but no, it,
I swear, um,
the people who were given more than
anything, God, uh, wrote the covenant,
offered the covenant through them,
spoke to them in their language,
revealed his tour guidance for them in
their presence.
Actually met with them.
They were stupid enough to tell God to
go away and shut up.
We never want to see you or hear
from you again.
And the God who's done everything for
them, gave them a homeland,
freed them from slavery.
They spit in his face.
And then they pretend with their little
curly cues and their funeral attire that
they're the ones speaking for God.
In fact,
there was a rabbi that said the only
reason Masiach is going to come back is
we're compelling it.
and our devotion to it is what's going
to cause it to happen and yes god's
really clear about this he despises them
god hates judaism with a passion there
will be no advocate of judaism who are
going to who's going to survive yahweh's
return not one
He hates religion in particular,
but Judaism is his least favorite because
of what it's done to his people.
So all of these buffoons singing and
jumping up and down.
By the way,
do you see any women in these scenes?
No.
No, it's all men.
Yeah,
it's a repulsive religion created by
repulsive people,
and it is unbelievably stupid.
And until...
Jews realize that being Jewish ethnically
is a really good thing and being Jewish
religiously is a really bad thing and they
don't need the bad thing to enjoy the
good thing and we have Jews to become
Yehudim again and embrace Yahweh and break
out of this uh terror trap that is
uh Judaism and with its kosher diet
there's no kosher in the uh in the
Torah
There's no we're going to wear yarmulkes
in the Torah.
There's no we're going to dress in black
There is no we're going to have little
curly cues in our hair in the Torah.
There's no we're going to eliminate
Yahweh's name in the Torah.
There's no phylacteries.
There's none of this stuff.
And they're about ready to celebrate
Hanukkah.
There's no Hanukkah in the Torah.
But the rabbis dominate the whole culture.
No.
Rabbis created Christianity,
which turned out to abuse Jews for the
better part of two thousand years.
It was Rabbi Paul.
He created Christianity.
It was rabbis that created the religiosity
of the Koran.
Without the rabbis selling Muhammad's
stories, you never heard of the Koran,
you never heard of Muhammad,
and the world would be infinitely better
off, particularly Jews.
Rabbis are a plague.
They're a curse on the planet and
particularly on the Jewish people.
All right.
Zohar.
The Zoharis want to tell you that they
have a science.
Are you familiar with the Zohar?
Briefly, not in any sense.
The Zohar was written in Spain in the
twelfth century.
It is integrated now into Judaism,
where there's almost no separation between
Kabbalah and rabbinic Judaism.
Although the form that is practiced in
Israel is the Hasidic,
and the Hasidic Judaism was created in the
seventeenth century.
uh and uh and um of all places
uh it was uh ukraine is where uh
hasidic judaism was created uh so it is
one of the most one of the world's
newest religions and it is
almost as oppressive as is Islam.
But in mainstream Judaism,
Kabbalah is a huge aspect of it.
The textbook,
the scriptures of Kabbalah called the
Zohar.
And it is a spiritual argument between
good and bad
And it's really way out there in
craziness.
And they want to redefine everything.
They want to redefine what a soul is.
And that is one of these things.
They want to redefine right and wrong,
good and bad.
It's a trip almost like you were on
acid.
is what Kabbalah is and so my comment
here is that the Zohar is actually a
vessel that is filled with lies and that
if you believe it your soul will be
extinguished at the end of your life
that's what it will do to you and
if you promote it well then you're going
to spend your eternity and shield this is
a really
Horrible disease,
this Kabbalah and and the Zohar.
It's a shame on rabbis for creating it.
And it's so obviously untrue.
It is marketed today very much like
Scientology is marketed.
It's all in the mysticism.
Yeah.
elon musk i recall when i first got
involved in social media yeah i had
talked with me one day and said,
I want you to do this.
And I said, okay, well, what's a blog?
I'm happy to do one.
What is one?
Well, you get these cameras,
you get these lights,
you get these people that are going to
come to work with you and you're going
to do a blog.
Uh, I said, but wait a minute,
aren't those, uh, you know, uh, uh,
pimply haired, uh, faced, uh,
young kids still in mommy's basement
doing, uh, blogs.
Aren't those the influencers?
I mean, come on.
I don't want to be a Cardassian.
This is ridiculous.
And I'm an old guy.
I write, I do translations.
I write books.
No, you're going to,
you're going to do a vlog.
That's, you know, look at all,
look at all your books.
Do you think that you're going to make
a real difference in the next two years
that we have left by writing more books?
Or do you think you'll make a difference
if you turn on the cameras and start
talking to my people?
Yeah, you don't argue with God.
He's, he's too much, too much smarter.
Plus he wrote a bunch of prophecies about
how we were gonna vlog.
So he doesn't like his prophecy is not
being fulfilled either.
So it wasn't an argument that we got
into it.
It's okay, well, I'll be a vlogger,
I guess.
Elon Musk, when I started,
it was a year ago now that began
all of this.
I had never posted anything prior to that,
not a single word, not a single post.
At the time,
Elon had not engaged in politics,
at least overtly,
I guess he had funded the Trump campaign.
um campaign in the swing states but other
than that he was a businessman and having
run innovative businesses uh and taken uh
several of them public i knew how
difficult it is that what he was done
uh what he did with tesla and with
spacex in particular and what he was
starting to do with the starlink i just
thought you know this is some marvelously
inventive man
And I understand he suffers from
Asperger's,
which means he has an empathy disorder.
But he has certainly taught himself what
he needed to do to be least empathetic
enough to know how to run these
businesses.
And and because he has autism,
his brain was firing all the time,
which means he could hardly sleep.
So he just became a workaholic.
And, you know, he's one of those guys.
The difference between the guys that are
fabulously rich and the guys that are poor
in business very often is that everybody
works very hard if you're starting your
own business.
But
Um, the,
the guys that are ridiculously successful,
um, had, you know, they, they rolled, uh,
sevens, uh,
over and over and over and over and
over again.
And if you do have enough people rolling
dice, uh, one or two,
three or four are gonna have a,
have everything come up ideally for them.
That's, that's the big difference.
And Elon Musk was one of those guys
and he,
he matched that with industry and some
intelligence, uh,
give him credit for that.
Then he went into politics.
And when he did, I said,
this is gonna destroy him.
It's gonna spit him out and chew him
up.
Trump is a horrible human being.
He is the Hannibal Lecter of politics.
He is never gonna tolerate Elon Musk and
he will devour Elon Musk and spit him
out.
And Elon Musk got destroyed in politics.
And when it destroyed him in politics,
it destroyed Tesla because Tesla was a
brand that was being sold like Apple.
was being sold on on the the kind
of the ethos of it and the uh
the spirituality of this business and this
businessman and you you couldn't
distinguish between the founder and the
company and the product and and it uh
it was uh a product that was the
opposite of what claimed to be you know
it's not environmentally and friendly to
have an electric car they they uh
consume electricity,
which has to be generated in the standard
ways,
and their batteries are incredibly caustic
to our environment.
And they're lousy values by comparison to
other forms of locomotion.
But he, man,
he turned that thing into this cult
following.
And then he went into politics and
destroyed it.
And Tesla's market share has evaporated
around.
It's just evaporated and his margins have
evaporated around the world.
And his great success was going to be
the Cybertruck.
And he has eight hundred million dollars
worth of inventory that he can't give
away.
And he has worse.
He has factories designed to build them
and can't build anything in them.
And he has factories that build batteries.
And and the battery technology is about to
go through a major
uh evolution into a sodium-based battery
that's not what his plants do he's in
real trouble and so what he started to
do is to hype optimus oh ai and
optimus man that's going to be the thing
because that's where you're getting the
high revenue so he said oh optimus is
going to end all health care problems it's
going to end all work it's going to
end all poverty it's going to give you
everything and it's going to be the
best-selling product in human history no
it's not and at this point
The only thing that you can assume.
Is that everything that.
Elon is doing.
Has nothing to do with people and it's
all to do with the military.
He has nowhere to go with SpaceX.
We aren't going to put people to do
and have a moon base.
Not going to happen.
The regular of the moon,
the temperature swings, the the.
I. Fourteen days of total darkness.
And just the grittiness of that regular,
the dust there, it's not possible.
And the cosmic rays and everything else,
you can't build a habitat to survive it.
There's nothing on the moon that would
cause us to want to hang out there.
And it's impossible.
You could stay there three or four days
and not die,
but that's really the extent of it.
And we're certainly not going to Mars,
not to live there.
So SpaceX has no place to go.
So what does it exist for?
Launch military satellites to launch
weapons.
And Optimus is not a practical machine.
You wouldn't trust it to go out and
walk your dog.
Your dog would be dead.
You wouldn't trust it to do your dishes.
They'd all be in shatters on the floor.
Uh,
you're not going to trust it to clean
your house.
Your furniture would all be broken.
It's you're not going to buy.
And he's talking about twenty five
thousand dollars a copy.
And they'll they'll be three times that by
the time that he's actually selling them
and.
They won't be worth anything other than
the conversation piece, I've got one.
So the only reason that they're being
funded and that they're being made.
To fight.
to enforce the government's crackdown on
people and to to replace soldiers.
That's what they're being created for.
And Starlink is not to be this friendly
force that's going to make every telephone
in the world all of a sudden direct
satellite and people can see everything.
It might be a benefit,
but it's a total control mechanism.
Sure,
because you can turn it on and off
it or you can regulate what is on
it at any moment in time.
Yeah.
Correct.
The guy that's getting so much play right
now on South Park that founded Plantaire,
the spy company,
was the principal funder behind Elon Musk
when Elon Musk had PayPal.
And he was also the primary funder behind
Facebook,
which we're going through a Facebook site
here.
Teal is his last name,
and he's the one that's shown on South
Park being very nefarious.
That is the circles that he hangs in.
He is now putting large data centers in
Saudi Arabia to control information.
And AI is deadly for humanity.
Humanity cannot survive AI.
We're not thinking as it is now.
People don't exercise good judgment.
AI doesn't think.
It's not intelligent,
but it is exceedingly controlling.
And it is a crutch that so many
people are relying on rather than doing
the research and rather than thinking,
we won't survive it.
And he's a driving force in all of
these things.
And the man you're looking at there is
a disaster.
Now, what he's advocating here,
he knows isn't going to happen and he
should not be in politics because he is
really bad at it.
But my point has been consistently true
throughout the history of mankind,
which is the larger the institution,
the worse it becomes.
So while France and England and
Germany and Italy,
Austria and Switzerland and Spain can be
bad.
Collectively, they're far worse.
Sure.
And so it is better for humanity to
have governance be a much smaller group of
people.
The same thing would be true in the
United States.
We played this game before in the United
States.
We called it the Civil War.
What we determined was that you were free
to join the Union.
You were not free to leave the Union.
We'll kill you if you want to leave
the Union.
But if we had fifty separate countries
that all did business with one another,
we would be far safer and far more
prosperous and far freer than we are with
a collection of fifty states.
So Europe would be better off broken down
into individual components than it is
under the EU.
So his statement is right,
but there's no purpose in making it.
Because it's not going to happen.
We might find that another country leaves
the EU.
The natural one to leave is Germany.
Germany has funded the EU and it has
lost its sovereignty to the EU.
It's lost its economy to the EU.
It's about to engage in a war with
Russia over the EU.
And the only sane thing for Germany is
to leave the EU.
And when Germany leaves the EU,
the EU has no reason to succeed.
And the EU is in a serious problem
at the moment because in particular,
France is over.
The French economy is non-existent.
They can't pass a budget.
Their deficit is at a hundred and
twenty-five percent of GDP.
And no one will restrict entitlements
And so they're adding to it at a
prodigious rate because they are not a
reserve currency.
They can't print their money way out of
the debt deficit to postpone it like the
Americans have postponed it.
Now,
Americans reckon it is going to happen the
next
three to four years,
America would be bankrupt.
France is going to happen sooner than that
because they can't print the money to get
out of it.
But at one hundred and twenty five percent
of GDP, France, like the United States,
already even at three percent interest
rates because interest with Japan and
other countries and the Federal Reserve
offering zero essentially bonds yield on
bonds under one percent money was free.
So you just printed the money.
And so what?
Well, now that debt
has to be to roll over has to
be paid at four and five percent interest
in in france because it's less solvent um
even higher rates and so both in france
the united states now the number one
budget item is not defense it's not social
security it's not medicare it's service of
the debt and that's going to double and
triple over these next three or four years
so
Francis essentially gone,
and that was the second biggest economy in
in Europe and macron has no no control
or no influence over it,
and so what i'm telling you here it's
not my opinion,
I can tell you that's just fact that
the United States and France are both
going to go bankrupt.
Well,
and then all the ones that go along
with them because.
With everybody being so intertwined that
when a big boy goes and, oh, well,
I'm not getting my influx of cash,
I'm not getting my support from that
little, then, yeah,
the little ones topple as well.
Mm-hmm.
ah religion so at the bottom of this
it has a ode to jesus christ so
they're saying he who destroyed the wall
of jericho lives in you and he will
destroy any battles in your life amen all
right well let's begin with the last word
i just said amen amen is the name
of a uh of the sun god of
uh ancient egypt uh jesus you know when
jesus for it was first existed
Jesus was first?
Yeah,
that was somewhere in the sixteenth
century, yeah.
Seventeenth century, sixteen twenty-nine.
There's a sixteen in there, all right.
That's called the seventeenth century.
Sixteen twenty-nine,
third edition of the King Iams Bible
became the King James Bible at that time.
That year zero is a tricky one.
yeah that that restricted was sixteen
twenty nine is when uh when jesus was
first introduced to the world so jesus was
not at jericho and there was no jericho
because there was no jay until the the
seventeenth century so uh we have that
little problem right there so the
invention though of the character that
became known as jesus in the in sixteen
uh twenty nine uh
was Iosu Christou,
and Iosu Christou was created by Paul in
the year of fifty-two CE.
There was no Iosu Christou who lived in
the first century.
No, Iosu Christu was not crucified.
There was no Mr. Christ.
There was no Mr. Jesus.
There was no virgin birth.
There was no Mary and Joseph.
There was no little town in Bethlehem.
There were no three wise men following a
star from Babel.
Bethlehem existed.
Bethlehem did exist, but oh,
little town of Bethlehem where this birth
was supposed, a manger there, no.
There wasn't even a Roman census to bring
people in at that time either.
There is no story of Herod killing all
the little babies.
There were no three wise men coming from
Babylon.
If they were coming from Babylon,
they wouldn't be wise men.
uh and no the whole the whole story
is a complete lie and it was created
by paul in fifty two c e so
the first mention of an iosu christu was
in paul's letter to the galatians in fifty
two c e uh jericho fell in the
fifteenth uh century bce uh so we we've
got one thousand five hundred years that
separate these events
So, no,
Jesus was not there to tear down the
walls of Jericho.
He does not live in you.
Well,
unless you're you're fond of having myths
slave in you and you might as well
have the Easter Bunny and Santa Claus,
if that's going to be your case.
Now,
what is a surprise to people is that
according to Yahweh,
I'm going to go out on a limb
here again.
Yahweh ought to know he happens to be
God.
Yahweh said in his own voice through the
prophet Yahshua Isaiah in the eleventh
chapter of what now is that book that
there is one man that has the spirit
of Yahweh in him today.
He is the children.
He's also known as the as the tree
of knowledge.
And he is the only person.
There is no other mention of anybody
having the spirit of Yahweh in them at
this time.
So this person that you're trying to
ascribe as a God, and by the way,
God is not a man and men cannot
kill God,
so Jesus could not have been a God.
But the spirit of Yahweh,
according to Yahweh,
is in one man right now.
He is the Choder.
And if you're not the Choder, I'm sorry,
spirit of Yahweh is not in you.
But the religious will believe anything,
won't they?
Oh, by the way,
when the walls came down,
you do see the people blowing the shofars,
but was there people raising swords there?
No,
all we had to do was hike around,
yeah.
That is correct.
Hike around seven times.
Yes, and don't loot it.
Right, yeah.
And don't loot it.
Yeah, and what did they do?
They looted it.
Shouldn't have done that.
All right.
We'll do a couple more and then we'll
I think we're at an hour and forty
five minutes of this.
I picked this because see how he is
presented like he is a god.
His face is facial features are very
popular art style.
Yeah.
And it's it's to deify people.
Mao was drawn the same way.
And and they they made bigger than life
pictures of them because they became the
deification of the communist
religion and of course the hammer and
sickle became the sign of this religion
even though the working man and the farmer
died in the millions you know the famine
that that was the result in in
China probably killed fifty,
sixty million people.
And that was the fight with the sparrows,
right?
Yeah.
If you were if you were having a
sickle, your farm was taken from you.
There was no personal incentive anymore.
You were robbed of everything.
And peasants who had no idea how to
farm were put on your property and people
just starved because no one.
It's like what's happening in South
Africa.
It's what's happening in Zimbabwe today.
They went and killed all of the Afrikaans
and the Boer and no one is able
to grow anything.
And so people starve and you become
dependent.
Well, that's what happened.
People just starved because of the farms.
So the sickle didn't happen and it did
not spurn industry either.
And the working people had no say in
the government.
They had less say over their lives,
not more say over their lives.
That hammer was used to keep them down.
Communism, which concentrates power,
is an exceedingly evil influence,
an oppressive influence on humanity.
And it's one of the great tragedies today
that in
universities and throughout academia.
It's probably ninety five percent of
teachers and professors in academia are
Marxists.
They're extremely liberal and they
indoctrinate young people with this myth
that capitalism free enterprise does not
work because they don't work and that
Marxism and communism are more fair and
They believe it.
And what they have not seen is what
I've seen with my eyes,
what I've experienced.
And they've not witnessed East and West
Berlin, East and West Germany,
North and South Korea,
Taiwan versus China back before enterprise
zones.
And so they're just clueless with their
opinions.
And they will guarantee the deprivation
of freedom and prosperity as a result.
And it's the idea.
I don't want to work,
but I feel entitled.
So I want what somebody else has.
And, you know,
they'll do the math and they'll say, well,
Elon Musk is worth five hundred billion
dollars.
So if he he could give everybody on
the planet, you know,
like a million dollars and everybody be
great.
And you know,
the math is he gave everybody on the
planet like twenty three bucks.
And it would buy a couple of bags
of popcorn.
Wonderful.
Now what are you going to do?
If you stole all the money from every
wealthy person in the world and
redistributed it,
it would be gone and useless,
and there'd be nobody making any money to
redistribute later,
and it would last a week.
Right.
People just don't understand.
On a long enough timeline,
it ends back up in the hands of
the folks that are...
uh, adept enough at doing,
creating things of value or running farms
or, yeah, absolutely.
And that's why Yawa's, um, idea of, of,
uh, the, the Yobel,
fifty years and then everything, you know,
the, uh, land, debts are, are,
are wiped away and, and land is,
is goes back to its owners and stuff
like that work because it keeps, um,
generationally,
from generation to generation, uh,
of the best folks being able to operate
for society.
It's the perfect deal.
For all of human history, including today,
particularly in the Islamic world today
and throughout Africa,
slavery has been part of civilization.
Most civilizations were built on slaves.
They all had a caste system.
And the caste system, the slave,
which is the lowest rung.
But in a caste system,
there's only one person that has free
will.
That's the king or Caesar or whatever they
want to call it,
whatever you want to call it.
But there's one person, the pharaoh.
Only one person has free will.
Everybody else is restricted.
And the slave is at the bottom of
the caste system.
And those systems...
were pervasive because men are brutal in
large uh nations and empires and so yeah
i understand unfortunately you are i'm a
liberator we know god began the first
statement he wrote in stone is that uh
you know i am yahweh your god i
liberated you from uh slavery uh and so
god
Well, we can't have dead air,
so I'm not even sure if we're still
on or not.
Okay, Yada's feed froze.
We'll give him a second or two to
see if he can come back because y'all
definitely don't want to listen to me talk
the whole time.
Yeah, hey, there's a rut row for sure.
See if he pops back on or if
he's going to...
We can do that.
That wasn't bad.
Okay.
Well, I think we're almost at two hours,
so appreciate everybody coming by.
I think I'm just going to take and
see if I can hit the outro here
and if everything works.
So good night, everybody.